Update development.md (#1504)
scpwiki/wikijump: docs/development.md

The recommended way to install Wikijump is via Docker. Docker is a way of containerizing, or in the case of Windows or Mac, also virtualizing Linux images. It lets you easily create and destroy different Wikijump builds, and it also acts like a sandbox to protect the rest of your system from dependency pollution. 

> ### For Windows:
>
> For Windows, you will need WSL2, a way of running a Linux distribution simultaneously with Windows. You will need Windows 10 or 11 for this. The only alternative to WSL2 would be using a Linux virtual machine such as [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) — but using a VM isn't recommended, and is not covered by this document.
>
> It is recommended that you use Ubuntu for the WSL2 distribution. Ubuntu in particular has considerations made for WSL2 use and in general will be the most reliable way forward.
>
> [WSL2 download and installation page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install)

You will need [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed and running:

<pre>$ sudo apt install docker.io</pre>
Then start the Docker daemon via dockerd:</p>

> <pre>$ sudo dockerd</pre></p>

Reviewer: We should be recommending they start the docker service, not running the daemon manually. I remember talking about a table or similar which showed systemd vs WSL2 `service` invocations for starting the Docker daemon.

Presently this assumes the user is using Ubuntu (or specifically WSL2?), this should get table-ized or put into the "WIndows" quote, or something like that.

## Setup: Configuration

There are a couple of configuration files that need to be initialized prior to running your instance of Wikijump. These will be the `config.toml` and `.env` files, both located in the `deepwell` subdirectory. Both of these files can be copied from their `.example` counterparts without changing them, though it is worth looking through them briefly to understand what can be configurated for your instance.

> There is also a Docker configuration file that configures the various containers that host Wikijump in the local environment. You can find this file in `install/local/dev/`, named `docker-compose.yaml`.

Reviewer: I would also mention `docker-compose.dev.yaml`, which provides various helpfuls for developing locally (mapping local volumes and such).

Basically, `docker-compose.yaml` is the basic setup describing all the (local) containers and how they can talk to each other, and `docker-compose.dev.yaml` adds various conveniences on top, but is (at least should be) optional from the base one.

## Setup: Configuration

> There are a couple of configuration files that need to be initialized prior to running your instance of Wikijump. These will be the `config.toml` and `.env` files, both located in the `deepwell` subdirectory. Both of these files can be copied from their `.example` counterparts without changing them, though it is worth looking through them briefly to understand what can be configurated for your instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a couple of configuration files that need to be initialized prior to running your instance of Wikijump. These will be the `config.toml` and `.env` files, both located in the `deepwell` subdirectory. For a typical local deploy, both of these files can be copied from their `.example` counterparts without changing them, though it is worth looking through them briefly to understand what can be configurated for your instance.
```

There is also a Docker configuration file that configures the various containers that host Wikijump in the local environment. You can find this file in `install/local/dev/`, named `docker-compose.yaml`, alongside `docker-compose.dev.yaml` (which provides various helpful tools for developing locally).

> Notice that in `docker-compose.yaml`, there are configuration options for the domains to use. For development purposes, these are set to `wikijump.localhost`. This is the domain you will be connecting to, e.g. `http://www.wikijump.localhost`. The TLD `.localhost` is just like the usual `localhost` domain. Even when running locally, HTTPS is used. Because this certificate is self-signed, you will need to dismiss the certificate warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that in `docker-compose.yaml`, there are configuration options for the domains to use. For development purposes, these are set to `wikijump.localhost`. This is the domain you will be connecting to, e.g. `https://www.wikijump.localhost`. The TLD `.localhost` is just like the usual `localhost` domain. Even when running locally, HTTPS is used. Because this certificate is self-signed, you will need to dismiss the certificate warning.
```

## Building

> You can now finally build the Docker images. First, start docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now finally build the Docker images. First, start Docker:
```

<table>

> <thead><tr><th>Systemd Distros</th><th>WSL2</th></tr></thead>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<thead><tr><th>systemd Distros</th><th>WSL2</th></tr></thead>
```

<tbody valign="top">

> <td><p><pre>$ sudo systemctl --user start docker-desktop</pre></p></td>

Reviewer: Oh I see the confusion now. Hmm, not sure about `docker-desktop` specifically? I think it would be better, in setup, to suggest turning on Docker as a _daemon_ (i.e. `sudo systemctl enable --now docker.service`) and then also mentioning that Docker desktop is a thing later.

"Start" means run now (but on restart it'll be gone).
"Enable" means automatically run on startup.
"Enable now" means automatically run on startup, and if it's not running right now, also start it.

<td><p><pre>$ sudo service docker start</pre></p></td>
</tbody>
</table>

Then, navigate to `install/local/dev` and run the following:

```sh
$ docker-compose -p wikijump -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.dev.yaml up
```

_This might take some time_. Thankfully, Docker's build step is _heavily_ cached. 

> ### For Windows:
>

> > You may encounter various errors involving file permissions if using Windows-based tools alongside WSL2. It is recommend that you fix these issues by either granting the correct file permissions to any that Windows may have modified, or by redownloading the repository from github. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You may encounter various errors involving file permissions if using Windows-based tools alongside WSL2. It is recommend that you fix these issues by either granting the correct file permissions to any that Windows may have modified, or by re-cloning the repository purely within WSL2.
```

You can just kill the terminal (`CTRL + C` usually) when you want to stop the server.

If you want to entirely _reset_ the containers, as their data is otherwise persistent even across restarts, you can run the following:

```sh
$ docker-compose -p wikijump -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.dev.yaml down
```

It's useful to keep track of existing Docker images and containers, and destroy them when you no longer need them, so you don't waste space rebuilding the same image over and over. If you are using Docker Desktop, you can manage containers and images from the GUI. Otherwise, using the command line:

```
$ docker container ls  # List containers
$ docker rm [ID]       # Destroy the container with this ID
$ docker images        # List images
$ docker rmi [ID]      # Remove the image with this ID
```

## Entering the container

> If you want to enter a container to make temporary changes, you can do so by entering it with a CLI. From Docker Desktop, after running the containers, find the Wikijump app and within it the container you wish to enter, then click the 'CLI' button. Or from the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enter a container to make temporary changes, you can do so by entering it with a CLI. From Docker Desktop, after running the containers, find the Wikijump app and within it the container you wish to enter, then click the 'CLI' button. Or from the command line: (you can replace `sh` with a different command)
```

```
$ docker exec -it [container id] sh
```

> ...where `[container id]` is the ID of the corresponding container from `docker ps`.

Reviewer: Doesn't `docker container ls` also work?

Author: Yes, though `docker ps` is shorter. They are functionally identical, though I figured having it be the shorter command would make it easier to remember. I can revert this change if you think `container ls` is more recognizable though.

## Building

You can now finally build the Docker images. Navigate to `install/local/dev` and run the following:

```sh
$ docker-compose -p wikijump -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.dev.yaml up
```

_This might take some time_. Thankfully, Docker's build step is _heavily_ cached. 

> ### For Windows:
>
> You may encounter various errors involving file permissions if using Windows-based tools alongside WSL2. It is recommend that you fix these issues by either granting the correct file permissions to any that Windows may have modified, or by re-cloning the repository purely within WSL2.

> Once everything has started, you can connect to `http://www.wikijump.localhost/`. Changes you make to the codebase should automatically be applied to the containers, as your machine's filesystem has been "bound" to the containers' filesystem. This is one-way, so a container can't modify your filesystem. Adding new dependencies, however, will require a rebuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once everything has started, you can connect to `http://www.wikijump.localhost/`. Changes you make to the codebase should automatically be applied to the containers, as your machine's filesystem has been "bound" to the containers' filesystem (see `docker-compose.dev.yaml` below). This is one-way, so a container can't modify your filesystem. Adding new dependencies, however, will require a rebuild.
```

You can just kill the terminal (`CTRL + C` usually) when you want to stop the server.

If you want to entirely _reset_ the containers, as their data is otherwise persistent even across restarts, you can run the following:

```sh
$ docker-compose -p wikijump -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.dev.yaml down
```

It's useful to keep track of existing Docker images and containers, and destroy them when you no longer need them, so you don't waste space rebuilding the same image over and over. If you are using Docker Desktop, you can manage containers and images from the GUI. Otherwise, using the command line:

```
$ docker container ls  # List containers
$ docker rm [ID]       # Destroy the container with this ID
$ docker images        # List images

> $ docker rmi [ID]      # Remove the image with this ID

Reviewer: New one you could add (just thought of), `docker system prune`, which goes and deletes _everything_ unused. It cleans up a lot of stuff and is normally only used every couple months kind of thing.
